Tim fiola installdocmods (#252)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/nautobot.md

## Understanding the Virtual Environment

!!! important
    You may need to start a new terminal session to see the expected environment results below.

> 

Reviewer: This is no longer the case now that we revised the install docs. See: #216 

(Please remove this admonition)

Author: removed

Because the `nautobot` user was created with `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` set as its home directory and we had you set the shell to `/bin/bash`, the binary path `$NAUTOBOT_ROOT/bin` is automatically added to the beginning of the `$PATH` environment variable:

In Ubuntu 20.04:
```no-highlight
$ echo $PATH
/opt/nautobot/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/snap/bin
```

Due to differences between OS, in CentOS 8.2.2004 `$PATH` will appear as:
```no-highlight
$ echo $PATH

> /opt/nautobot/.local/bin:/opt/nautobot/bin:/opt/nautobot/.local/bin:/opt/nautobot/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin

Reviewer: Double `PATH` prepends here? That is weird. Drop the version number for CentOS. please.

Author: Yes, Daniel Himes got that same CentOS path result as well.

Author: also dropped centos version

```

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

    **DO NOT USE THIS SERVER IN A PRODUCTION SETTING.** The development server is for development and testing purposes only. It is neither performant nor secure enough for production use.

!!! warning

>     If the test service does not run, or you cannot reach the Nautobot home page, something has gone wrong. Do not proceed with the rest of this guide until the installation has been corrected. Some unix implementations (such as CentOS) have a firewall enabled by default.  If you are unable to connect to the server url on port 8000, verify the firewall status and configure to allow the appropriate connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the test service does not run, or you cannot reach the Nautobot home page, something has gone wrong. Do not proceed with the rest of this guide until the installation has been corrected. Some platforms (such as CentOS) have a firewall enabled by default.  If you are unable to connect to the server on port 8000, verify the firewall policy to allow the appropriate connections, or select an already permitted port.
```

!!! important
    Certain Nautobot features (Git repository synchronization, webhooks, jobs, etc.) depend on the presence of Nautobot's background worker process, which is not automatically started by the `runserver` command. To start it for testing purposes, you can run `nautobot-server rqworker` separately. For production use, both Nautobot and the worker should be managed by systemd rather than started manually, as described in the next section of this documentation.

!!! important

>     Some unix implementations (such as CentOS 8.2.2004) have a firewall enabled by default.  If you are unable to connect to the server url on port 8000, verify the firewall status and configure to allow the appropriate connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Some Linux distributions (such as CentOS 8.2.2004) have a firewall enabled by default.  If you are unable to connect to the server URL on port 8000, verify the firewall status and configure to allow the appropriate connections.
```

Reviewer: Just "CentOS" IMO thanks.

Author: Changed all `CentOS 8.2.xxxx` references to `CentOS`.  I wasn't sure if that behavior was specific to CentOS or specific CentOS versions, so I qualified it with the version.

>     Some unix implementations (such as CentOS 8.2.2004) have a firewall enabled by default.  If you are unable to connect to the server url on port 8000, verify the firewall status and configure to allow the appropriate connections.

Reviewer 2: I think this admonition could be added to the `warning` above that's already talking about potential problems.

Author: Moved it into the WARNING above
